internal/controller: support custom atlas.hcl (#244)
ariga/atlas-operator: README.md

- `prewarmDevDB`: The Operator always keeps devdb resources around to speed up the migration process. Set this to `false` to disable this feature.

- `allowCustomConfig`: Enable this to allow custom `atlas.hcl` configuration. To use this feature, you can set the `config` field in the `AtlasSchema` or `AtlasMigration` resource.

```yaml
  spec:
    envName: myenv
    config: |
      env myenv {}
    # config from secretKeyRef
    # configFrom:
    #   secretKeyRef:
    #     key: config
    #     name: my-secret
```

To use variables in the `config` field:

```yaml
  spec:
    envName: myenv
    variables:
      - name: db_url
        value: "mysql://root"
      # variables from secretKeyRef
      # - name: db_url
      #   valueFrom:
      #     secretKeyRef:
      #       key: db_url
      #       name: my-secret
      # variables from configMapKeyRef
      # - name: db_url
      #   valueFrom:
      #     configMapKeyRef:
      #       key: db_url
      #       name: my-configmap
    config: |
      variable "db_url" {
        type = string
      }
      env myenv {
        url = var.db_url
      }
```

> > Note: Allowing custom configuration can elevate privileges of the operator. Use this feature with caution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Allowing custom configuration enables executing arbitrary commands using the `external` data source as well as arbitrary SQL using the `sql` data source. Use this feature with caution.
```
